README.md, before:

Raspberry Pi Neopixel Signboard
==========

The bulk of this code was shamelessly stolen from the https://github.com/rpi-ws281x/
project from which the majority of the code and the following sections of the README
were taken.

![photo](images/photo.jpg)

My changes were added to allow a scrolling text signboard (typically 8 pixels by something)
which you can make by adding a cheap NeoPixel array like the one at https://a.co/d/f1bIZp8
to something like a Raspberry Pi Zero W2. You can even chain multiple display together to
make the display even longer (set the "y") parameter on the test.

Run like:

`./neosign -x 8 -y 32 -m 'Hello, World! This is a test!'`

Pipe option allows you to specify a named pipe (`-p filename`). Subsequent writes to the named
pipe with update the display with the given text.

It will normally scroll text on pixels, but can alternateley present text "line by line"
with the `-f` ("flash") option.

# Colors
`./neosign  -y 64 -m $'\ecff00ffThis is a test of \ecffff00the emergency broadcasting \ec00ffffsystem' -S -f`

# Building

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
cmake .
make
```

# Test and Debug

The `-S` flag will write output to (ANSI) screen, and requires no pixels, as follows.

```
0         1         2         3         4         5         6
-123456789-123456789-123456789-123456789-123456789-123456789-123


 ████  ██  ██   ████  ██ ███   ███ ██  ████  █████   ████  ██  █
██  ██ ███████ ██  ██  ███ ██ ██  ██  ██  ██ ██  ██ ██  ██ ██  █
██████ ███████ ██████  ██  ██ ██  ██  ██████ ██  ██ ██     ██  █
██     ██ █ ██ ██      ██      █████  ██     ██  ██ ██  ██  ████
 ████  ██   ██  ████  ████        ██   ████  ██  ██  ████      █
                              █████                        █████

```

Note that sometimes very dim colors will show up as all black on some terminals.
To work around this, you may want to specify an explicit color with the `-C` flag like:

`./neosign  -y 64 -m "This is a test of the emergency broadcasting" -f -S -C 0xff00ff`

Commit message:

Seem to split color data into line buf

README.md, after:

Raspberry Pi Neopixel Signboard
==========

The bulk of this code was shamelessly stolen from the https://github.com/rpi-ws281x/
project from which the majority of the code and the following sections of the README
were taken.

![photo](images/photo.jpg)

My changes were added to allow a scrolling text signboard (typically 8 pixels by something)
which you can make by adding a cheap NeoPixel array like the one at https://a.co/d/f1bIZp8
to something like a Raspberry Pi Zero W2. You can even chain multiple display together to
make the display even longer (set the "y") parameter on the test.

Run like:

`./neosign -x 8 -y 32 -m 'Hello, World! This is a test!'`

Pipe option allows you to specify a named pipe (`-p filename`). Subsequent writes to the named
pipe with update the display with the given text.

It will normally scroll text (scroll mode) on pixels, but can alternateley present text *line by line*
with the `-f` (flash mode) option.

# Important flags
For a complete list of flags, use `--help`. But important ones are:

`-x` *height* of panel - defaults to 8 pixels high 
`-y` *width* of panel - defaults to 32 pixels wide. (When daisy-chaining additional panel, set to 64, etc)
`-m` Display message on pannel
`-p` Create and listen on named pipe for new text. (echo or write to pipe to update text)
`-S` Debug out to screen - lets you run on any system without hardware
`-C 0xrrggbb` Set color rgb hex value. (Helpful with -S above which sometimes doesn't display dim colors)
`-f` "Flash" text rather than scroll
`-c` Clear display on exit

# Inline color commands
The sequence `[ESC]cRRGGBB` where RR GG and BB are each exactly 2 hex digits allows you to specify explicit color (changes) in inline text. (See examples below for doing this with shell commands)


# Colors
`./neosign  -y 64 -m $'\ecff00ffThis is a test of \ecffff00the emergency broadcasting \ec00ffffsystem' -S -f`
`./neosign  -y 128 -m $'\ec0000ffMake\ecff8000!\ec0000fft \ecff8000Labs' -S -f`

# Building

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
cmake .
make
```

# Test and Debug

The `-S` flag will write output to (ANSI) screen, and requires no pixels, as follows.

```
0         1         2         3         4         5         6
-123456789-123456789-123456789-123456789-123456789-123456789-123


 ████  ██  ██   ████  ██ ███   ███ ██  ████  █████   ████  ██  █
██  ██ ███████ ██  ██  ███ ██ ██  ██  ██  ██ ██  ██ ██  ██ ██  █
██████ ███████ ██████  ██  ██ ██  ██  ██████ ██  ██ ██     ██  █
██     ██ █ ██ ██      ██      █████  ██     ██  ██ ██  ██  ████
 ████  ██   ██  ████  ████        ██   ████  ██  ██  ████      █
                              █████                        █████

```

Note that sometimes very dim colors will show up as all black on some terminals.
To work around this, you may want to specify an explicit color with the `-C` flag like:

`./neosign  -y 64 -m "This is a test of the emergency broadcasting" -f -S -C 0xff00ff`
